Hello, sir.
Please show me your invitation letter
I didn't invite.
Sorry, sir.
No entry without an invitation
Lu Ran, I see you, you can learn to bark now
This is the messenger jade pendant of the Ghost Valley Sect
Hand him over to someone in charge like you
Lu Ran, the person in charge here
But the willow leaf discipline of the Han family in Jincheng
He doesn't have time to watch your destruction
Excuse me.
Lu Ran
Now get down on your knees and bark like a dog.
I can still ask you for less money.
Willow leaves I have bones sent messengers here
Come out to meet you soon
Lu Ran, you are courting death
Lu Ran, let's forget it
A place like Tianyunhui
Really not everyone can enter
willing to admit defeat
Lu Ran kneel down and learn to bark